Fixes the missing setting information in helpfile (#861)
Blightmud/Blightmud: resources/help/settings.md

# Settings

> There are an increasing number of settings that can be controlled in blightmud.

Reviewer: editorial suggestion:
```suggestion
There are a number of settings that can be controlled in blightmud.
```

Settings are stored in `$CONFIGDIR/settings.ron` and can be either edited by
hand or toggled using `/set`. Changing some settings require a restart.

> The following functions are available in the settings module for use withing
> your lua scripts.

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
The following functions are available in the settings module for use within
your lua scripts.
```

##

***settings.list()***

Get all current settings as Lua table.

##

***settings.get(key)***

Returns specified setting toggle (boolean)
- `key`    Setting name to get (string)

##

***settings.set(key, value)***

Sets specified setting.
- `key`    Setting name to change (string)
- `value`  New toggle value (boolean)

##

Settings are toggled from the command line as follows:

> - `/set <setting>`           Shows a settings and its current value

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
- `/set <setting>`           Shows a setting and its current value
```
